                            HOW TO INSTALL KINETRIS                             


________________________________________________________________________________


REQUIREMENTS


You must have the standalone model of the Kinect, not the model that comes
bundled with the Xbox 360 S. The Xbox 360 S model uses a proprietary connector
that can't be connected to a PC.

________________________________________________________________________________


WINDOWS


1. Install OpenNI

Download OpenNI 1.0.0.25 Unstable from
<http://conanchen.com/Kinetris/download/Windows/OpenNI>. Unpack the archive, and
run "OpenNI-Bin-Win32-v1.0.0.25.exe" to install.

(Alternatively, download OpenNI 1.0.0.25 Unstable from <http://openni.org/>.)


2. Install NITE

Download PrimeSense NITE 1.3.0.18 Unstable from
<http://conanchen.com/Kinetris/download/Windows/NITE>. Unpack the archive, and
run "Nite-Bin-Win32-v1.3.0.18.exe" to install. When asked for a license key, use
the key found in "KEY.txt" (this is the free key provided by PrimeSense at
<http://openni.org/>).

(Alternatively, download PrimeSense NITE 1.3.0.18 Unstable from
<http://openni.org/>.)


3. Install SensorKinect

Download SensorKinect 0.4 from
<http://conanchen.com/Kinetris/download/Windows/SensorKinect>. Unpack the
archive, and run "SensorKinect-Win32-5.0.0.exe" to install.

(Alternatively, download SensorKinect 0.4 from
<http://github.com/avin2/SensorKinect/>.)


4. Configure OpenNI and NITE

Open the folder that SensorKinect was installed to. Go to the
"SampleXMLs\OpenNI" folder, and copy the "Data" folder to the folder that OpenNI
was installed to, replacing the existing files.

Open the folder that SensorKinect was installed to. Go to the
"SampleXMLs\NITE" folder, and copy the "Data" folder to the folder that NITE was
installed to, replacing the existing files.


5. Test the Kinect

Plug in the Kinect.

Open the Start menu, and try the NITE samples found in
"All Programs\Prime Sense\NITE\Samples", to ensure that everything was installed
and configured correctly. If a console window opens and then closes immediately,
it means there was an error, most likely because the "Data" folders in the
previous step were not copied correctly.


6. Install Microsoft Visual C++ Redistributable

Download Microsoft Visual C++ 2008 SP1 Redistributable Package (x86) from
<http://conanchen.com/Kinetris/download/Windows/VC32>, and run
"vcredist_x86.exe" to install.

(Alternatively, download
Microsoft Visual C++ 2008 SP1 Redistributable Package (x86) from
<http://microsoft.com/>.)


7. Install Kinetris

Download Kinetris 1.0.0 Beta 1 from
<http://conanchen.com/Kinetris/download/Windows>. Unpack the archive to a folder
of your choice.


8. Play!

Run "Kinetris.exe" to play the game.

Slide your hand left and right to move the current tetromino. Swipe your hand up
to hold the current tetromino for later. Swipe your hand down to drop the
current tetromino. To rotate, first pull your hand back and make a circle, then
continue making circles to rotate the current tetromino. The game will pause if
you hide your hand from view (or if the Kinect loses track of it).

________________________________________________________________________________


MAC


There are no Mac or Linux versions of Kinetris available at this time. However,
since Kinetris was created using the cross-platform Qt framework, and since
there are Mac and Linux versions of OpenNI and NITE available, it should be
possible to compile the game from source for Mac or Linux yourself, if you are
so inclined. If you end up with a working binary, please let me know!

________________________________________________________________________________


LINUX


There are no Mac or Linux versions of Kinetris available at this time. However,
since Kinetris was created using the cross-platform Qt framework, and since
there are Mac and Linux versions of OpenNI and NITE available, it should be
possible to compile the game from source for Mac or Linux yourself, if you are
so inclined. If you end up with a working binary, please let me know!

________________________________________________________________________________


